brother
Wife, I'll take you back to the place
I want to talk to Stone about something
No need, I'll just go back by myself
The doctor said I'm recovering well
And will be discharged soon
Go get busy
Then I don't care about you.
I'm leaving, be careful
Brother, I have done everything you told me
2 million spent nothing
I am now
I don't even have 1,000 dollars left.
monitor
Didn't they notice?
You find that the person I'm looking for just confronts
That's fine.
The more mines are buried
The louder it will explode
Let's move on.
The Xu family bought the land at a high price
Now the funding chain is broken.
They have decided to
Open an auction of your own antiques
That's such a good thing
Of course we're going to go over and cheer them up.
Brother, what do you say?
Good idea
I'll do it now. Go ahead.